https://sourceware.org/binutils/docs/binutils/nm.html

At least the following types are used; others are, as well, depending on the
object file format. If lowercase, the symbol is usually local; if uppercase,
the symbol is global (external). There are however a few lowercase symbols
that are shown for special global symbols (u, v and w).

A
    The symbol's value is absolute, and will not be changed by further linking.

B
b
    The symbol is in the uninitialized data section (known as BSS).

C
    The symbol is common. Common symbols are uninitialized data. When
linking, multiple common symbols may appear with the same name. If the symbol
is defined anywhere, the common symbols are treated as undefined references.
For more details on common symbols, see the discussion of â€“warn-common in
Linker options.

D
d
    The symbol is in the initialized data section.

G
g
    The symbol is in an initialized data section for small objects. Some
object file formats permit more efficient access to small data objects, such
as a global int variable as opposed to a large global array.

i
    For PE format files this indicates that the symbol is in a section
specific to the implementation of DLLs. For ELF format files this indicates
that the symbol is an indirect function. This is a GNU extension to the
standard set of ELF symbol types. It indicates a symbol which if referenced
by a relocation does not evaluate to its address, but instead must be invoked
at runtime. The runtime execution will then return the value to be used in
the relocation.
I
    The symbol is an indirect reference to another symbol.

N
    The symbol is a debugging symbol.

p
    The symbols is in a stack unwind section.

R
r
    The symbol is in a read only data section.

S
s
    The symbol is in an uninitialized data section for small objects.

T
t
    The symbol is in the text (code) section.

U
    The symbol is undefined.
u
    The symbol is a unique global symbol. This is a GNU extension to the
standard set of ELF symbol bindings. For such a symbol the dynamic linker
will make sure that in the entire process there is just one symbol with this
name and type in use.

V
v
    The symbol is a weak object. When a weak defined symbol is linked with a
normal defined symbol, the normal defined symbol is used with no error. When
a weak undefined symbol is linked and the symbol is not defined, the value of
the weak symbol becomes zero with no error. On some systems, uppercase
indicates that a default value has been specified.

W
w
    The symbol is a weak symbol that has not been specifically tagged as a
weak object symbol. When a weak defined symbol is linked with a normal
defined symbol, the normal defined symbol is used with no error. When a weak
undefined symbol is linked and the symbol is not defined, the value of the
symbol is determined in a system-specific manner without error. On some
systems, uppercase indicates that a default value has been specified.

-
    The symbol is a stabs symbol in an a.out object file. In this case, the
next values printed are the stabs other field, the stabs desc field, and the
stab type. Stabs symbols are used to hold debugging information.

?
    The symbol type is unknown, or object file format specific.
